Maybe it's because I had a bigger expectation for this film, but it was aiight. In the movie there is a scene where mutant students come out of the theater after watching "Return of the Jedi". And says something along the lines of the third installment being the worst. And that basically applies to this film, because in my opinion it's the weakest compared to the previous two X-Men movies. It's in no way a bad movie, but it just wasn't anything all that amazing either. Because the editing and progression of the story just wasn't all that compelling or interesting. Watching this movie was like watching "Rocky 4", it's alright but just not good as "Rocky" and "Rocky 2". The plot is basically about Apocalypse getting resurrected, finding his four horsemen while the new group of students get recruited into Xavier Institute. With it focusing in on Magneto the most next to Apocalypse with his side story and what makes him tick. It really did show how how much of a human character Magneto really is. I mean even the kindest people out there has a breaking point when you push them to their limit. I guess the human side of Magneto and the understanding of where he is coming from to a degree is what makes him one of the most popular comic book villains out there. The other horsemen that Apocalypse chooses just seemed to be shoehorned into the movie. There is few scenes that did stand out and it's basically the super action sequences. There is the introduction scene, Quicksilver to the rescue scene, Wolverine going berserker rage mode, Quicksilver fighting Apocalypse, Professor X going Freddy Krueger and Phoenix Force. So overall I don't regret seeing this movie in the theater, I do however regret seeing it in 4D. Because I personally thought it just wasn't worth it for this one. You can tell a lot about a man if you give him the crown and what he chooses to do with his power and how he treats people that are less fortunate. And I liked that type of message in this movie. Although the whole thing of the team getting together and bonding like a family isn't anything new but was nicely done. 
