So, here's the deal: some super-powered freak wants to destroy the world (what else?), some kids with a lot of adolescent issues and identity crisis confront him (oh, they also have super-powers, but that is, obviously, not as important as the aforementioned issues), they win, the end.

The story was most likely scrapped within a 15 seconds or so. I honestly don't believe that anyone would take longer to come up with such kindergarten plot. I rate it 1. I'd rate it minus three (-3) if it was possible since that would be much more appropriate.

Characters: pc crew lead by non-attractive feminazi-pleasing females. These are the heroes. The villains are, as always, lead by a white male. The good guys (or should I say girls?) apparently suffer from some horrendous late puberty and act accordingly for most of the time. Bad guy(s) is stereo-typically needlessly pompous and all his god-like powers aren't worth squat when he's faced with a girl since modern pc dictates that the girl just cannot get her ass kicked by a male in any of the mainstream media. So there you have it: tough break, Apocalypse.

Casting & acting: God awful and god forbid. This hastily assembled group of pc adequate kids aided by untalented actress who lands her role in this one solely due to the popularity of a certain TV show can't lift a finger to the original cast. James McAvoy < Patrick Stewart; Alexandra Shitt (no mistake) < Halle Barry; Jennifer Lawrence < Rebecca Romijn; Ridiculous random guy (Cyclops) <<< James Marsden; as for the rest of the cast, did I already mention that it mostly consists of non- attractive feminazi-pleasing females? Storm, Jean, Psylocke... Average looking at best with a talents to match. Truly good actors such as Fassbender and Isaac are wasted on this one.

Anyway, to cut the long story short (since I've already given this cinematic disgrace a lot more attention than it deserves), do yourself a favor and avoid this trash. Despite the data that ticket sales are sky-high (a questionable data, I might add), Hollywood has reached an all time low regarding the quality of its production and recent superhero flicks (this one is a prime example) lead the way into the abyss.
