My cheeks hurt...

...but oh was I thankful for it!!! All through the movie I kept on having this big large smile sculpted into my face. For the record, I'm 25 years old, and I've played warcraft and wow for many years since when I was 13 or 14 years old. Ever since then, I haven't stopped playing. Therefore you can count me as a fan. Now onto the movie... Gosh, I saw it at a pre-screening, and I kept wanting more of it. It just never gets boring! I really enjoyed the little stuff that is found throughout the movie for the fans. I also incredibly enjoyed the intro sequence.

Those who argue the movie cuts too many parts or that it changes the story too much are totally wrong. This movie could not have shown the whole first time in its entirety - keep in mind that the lore lasts well over ten hours, making a movie this long would, well, make it way too long and besides, how would you financially sustain such a project? 

OK, so there are changes in the movie - well, this is Duncan's vision of it. All of us have our own visions of the lore and books which may or may not be compatible with that of Duncan's, but I can safely assume that nobody can say they have a hundred percent the same vision of the story as Chris Metzen; that's the thing with story: each player / reader has a different vision of it. As for me, I was blown away. Never before have I felt so much at home in a movie, it is as if I had taken a walk in the town where I grew up, Stormwind, Goldshire, Ironforge, everything felt so much like home, I was moved. I cannot tell of another movie that had me shed tears just by seeing a landscape on screen.

As for the changes, well, I found good reasons behind all of them, and let me tell you right away, yes, maybe coming from a fan it will look like absolute heresy, but I enjoyed the story a lot. The actors were great, they were a lot into their characters, and for the first time, I had never seen orcs in such detail before, hulky, robust, terrifyingly but also relative.

Quite frankly, I can't wait for the next movie... In the meantime, I'll watch this one over and over again when I can. This movie has everything that a good movie needs to have, and more. Plus, it just might bring more people to actually play WoW. Parents, maybe some scenes will frighten your kids, but this movie has almost NO blood (even though it has a good share of battle) and the foes are undeniably evil, plus it has good values in it - friendship, courage, responsibility, sacrifice for a good cause, and the belief that anyone can help to change things. That will go down in history as being one of the best ever, for sure.
