This was a very frustrating movie. I had been looking forward to it, although was initially skeptical after hearing of Ben Affleck as Batman. Seeing the critics views at RottenTomatoes was very discouraging, but for some reason, IMDb showed favorable reviews by audiences. This gave me some hope.

That hope was in vain. This movie was all over the place. I'm quite familiar with the DC Universe, having been an on/off comics collector since the 70's. Even so, I found myself unable to keep up with the visions, dream sequences, time-travel visits(?), and just overall plot convolutions in this movie. Some IMDb reviewers have already done an excellent job highlighting the film's foibles, and I doubt I could do better. However, I gotta say something.

The casting of Jessie Eisenberg as Lex Luthor was horrible, to the extent that Affleck as Batman warmed my heart in comparison (and I didn't much care for that). Luthor as crazy, essentially a retread of what we've seen as Heath Ledger as Joker, would have alone ruined the movie if that were the only bad thing about it. LL is a brilliant, evil, power hungry genius, not... whatever he was supposed to be here.

I cannot get into Batman's motivation. He's a ruthless violent vigilante who's above the law, and he despises Superman for being... above the law. I get the initial distrust thing, but I didn't buy into the whole picture of just wanting to be judge, jury, and executioner without even interacting with Supes first. Not cool, Bats.

Lex lets himself into the Kryptonian vessel, with the shaved fingertips of Zod? Kryptonian tech has *terrible* security; maybe they should give Apple a call - no, wait; the FBI hacked that. And then the computer recognizes the carcass of Zod, and doesn't go, "Hey, who are you? I thought *you* were Zod!" - and then kill him.

I know I was supposed to laugh or cheer when Batman tells Ma Kent, "I'm a friend of your son's," but for me it was flat. 10 minutes ago, he wanted to kill him.

On the way home, my wife and I were discussing the movie, with these observations and more. She asked me, "Was there anything about the movie you liked?" I thought real hard, and said, "um... no. Sorry to have suggested it and make you watch it." And thus justifies my 1-Star review. I guess I kind of liked how Superman comported himself with dignity, and was reasonably well-acted by Cavill. But not enough to change my score.

Hey, wasn't there also something about Wonder Woman in the movie? That quickly faded from memory.
